Hello, Mr.Snail!
Aw, you cute little cornu aspersum.
Latin name bonus-points!
Can’t believe we got stuck with the tree hugger.
If I have to hear the latin name for one more animal, I swear I'm gonna kill her.
Relax, Sugar Buns. While she does all the work we’ll have all the fun.
Yeah! And get wasted out of our minds!
Way ahead of you, man.
C’mon, team! We mustn’t dilly-dally when there’s so much nature to see!
I was thinking we should call our class project, “Fungis in a Forest!”
Get it? Because we’re a group of fun guys.
And also fungis which-
Shush! That’s a yellow wagtail. And she’s in distress!
There, there, my little motacilla flava.
Oh! Look at her go!
Wow!
Out of the way, dorkwad! We're camping here.
Finally! Time to get that BBQ burning.
Oh. Oh, dear.
Gross!
Oh. Easy, guys. We’re supposed to be studying nature, not wrecking it.
Piss break!
Oy, fungus freak! Make yourself useful and fix the tent.
Oh, a bit of friendly campsite ribbing. Fun.
She wouldn't survive 5 minutes alone in these woods.
Yeah. She's a real weenie that one, innit?
Oy, Phil! How those sausages coming?
Almost ready! Just need a bit more salt...